A chief is a man who assumes responsibility. He says 'I was beaten', he does not say 'My men were beaten.
A good comic explores the imagination, but it's always got to have those notes of truth running through it.
A critic is a legless man who teaches running.
A father draws boundaries and calls a halt, whenever necessary. As I didn't have that, I was able to stay childishly naive that much longer - so I did what I liked, because there was nobody stopping me, even when I got it wrong.
A film ingeniously directed does indeed give the impression of having been laid end to end, but a film ingeniously edited gives the impression of having suppressed all direction.
A gentleman opposed to their enfranchisement once said to me, women have never produced anything of any value to the world. I told him the chief product of the women had been the men, and left it to him to decide whether the product was of any value.
A deal is like chasing a girl. You work on it until she says, 'Yes,' for a date.
A great city, whose image dwells in the memory of man, is the type of some great idea. Rome represents conquest; Faith hovers over the towers of Jerusalem; and Athens embodies the pre-eminent quality of the antique world, Art.
A lot of people get stereotyped into roles just from how they look, and I have played such a variety of characters.
A lot of people have said to me, 'That's a great idea, running for president. You'll get booked for more speeches. You can write a book.
A lot of people are crazy, cruel and negative. They got a little too much time on their hands to discuss everybody else. I have a limited amount of energy to blow in a day. I'd rather read something that I like or watch a program I enjoy or ride my damn motorcycle or throw back a couple of shots of tequila with my friends.
A lot of writers whom I love, admire and call friends share this feeling, which is this fundamental idea that we're frauds. That we will be pushed out on to the stage, and it will be revealed that the emperor has no clothes.
A traitor is a betrayer - one who practices injury, while professing friendship. Benedict Arnold was a traitor, solely because, while professing friendship for the American cause, he attempted to injure it. An open enemy, however criminal in other respects, is no traitor.
A voice is a human gift; it should be cherished and used, to utter fully human speech as possible. Powerlessness and silence go together.
Adam knew Eve his wife and she conceived. It is a pity that this is still the only knowledge of their wives at which some men seem to arrive.
Adam Sandler, Mike Myers, Dava Carvey, Eddie Murphy, Will Ferrell - they're all the best.
All I ever wanted to do was get a great job on a TV show. When I read 'Modern Family' and started looking at what was available - I obviously couldn't play Gloria; I couldn't play Claire. When I saw the character of Cam, I was like, 'I have to have a shot at this,' because I thought it was a character that would be really fun to play.
Adam was a super-being when God created him.
After my last audition for 'Game of Thrones,' they said, 'Congratulations, princess.' I was like, 'Bye-bye, call centre.
All I try to do is as earnestly and as acutely as I can, conceive a character and try to portray this character just honestly. If the humor is within the absurdity and the awfulness of situations, then let it be seen that way.
Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore are two of the most charming A-listers in Hollywood.
Acting is a big ambition, but I still have a professional wrestling world to conquer.
Additionally, Smart Irrigation Month serves to recognize advances in irrigation technology and practices that produce not only more but also higher quality plants with less water.
Adam Shankman has got such love and passion for dance.
Advertising has a problem. They're being squeezed because media buyers and digital firms are doing the creative. They're being squeezed because people aren't viewing their stuff.
Aleksey and I have gathered together a bunch of kindred spirits who are also versatile musicians. We have a violinist who eats fire, another who is an acrobat, and a flutist who beats boxes. We hope in years to come to tour the U.S. with our 'League of X-traordinary musicians.
All through my life, I was hated on. When I was in middle school, they used to write in my rhyme book, 'You suck' or 'This sucks.
All the biggest companies are based on a founder who had a need, hacked it together, and said, 'Hey, other people might want this.
Amores Perros' is three stories that interconnect in one moment, which is the car accident.
Amy Poehler, Kristen Wiig, Maya Rudolph - when they speak, everyone listens. Because they're freaking hilarious.
America I'm putting my queer shoulder to the wheel.
American histories were the same; they had these mad ideas about how Parliament worked, or what people really meant when they said A, B, or C. All my life, I felt simultaneously deracinated and rooted in both places, and now it's my greatest strength: I'm culturally bilingual.
Amores Perros' and 'Once Were Warriors' had a tremendous visceral quality that really influenced me.
Amy Sedaris makes me laugh harder than anybody.
Among some of the youngsters, I think reality TV has installed that culture into them and inspired a few of them into wanting to be 'TV celebrities.
Amy Adams was great to work with, fun and lovely.
Amy Rapp, my producing partner, and I are drawn to character-driven material. We're developing and producing movies and TV, fiction and non-fiction, studio and independent, broadcast and cable, theatre, and web so our slate is really diverse.
Anna Held's birthdate and hometown are a dark mystery, thanks to her own mythmaking.
Anna Katherine Green wrote about a female inquiry agent, and there were a scattering of female investigators in the 1970s, authored by men, who just didn't ring true. So I thought, 'Well, there's an opening here for something.
Amy Carter, Chelsea Clinton and the Obama girls all had to change schools.
And that's one thing that helps me is I learn it blandly, vanilla, then I don't try to act it too soon because you start to act it, and you kind of go away from what the next sentence is, what the next paragraph is. So get it down so it kind of can - it's in there so you can then, as I call it, dance on top of it.
And so from that, I've always been fascinated with the idea that complexity can come out of such simplicity.
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
Anna Kournikova will always be better paid than Lindsay Davenport. The first left the circuit without having won a single title while the second was world number one.
Anna Wintour doesn't deal with pictures; she is just doing PR and business, and she scares everybody.
Any time I go to a hospital, the doctors treat me like an equal, and I'm terrified I'll be in the delivery room, and the doctor will say, 'Noah. Noah, why don't you get a hand in here?' and I'll pass out or throw up and be horribly embarrassed.
Animal' was my nickname in high school.
Anna Campbell and I have already done a history tour of parts of the U.K., and it would be fun to invite my fellow Word Wench Cara Elliott along, too!
Anybody can be Pope; the proof of this is that I have become one.
As a Jew, I recognize the importance of Israel historically, liturgically: its place in our history and in our sacred texts. I fully recognize and appreciate that. I just think that, for me, a sole focus on Israel gets in the way of the pursuit of a relationship with God and a more spiritual existence within Judaism.
Anna Magnani, Sophia Loren, Meryl Streep - I love actresses that are strong and fragile at the same time. They bring complexity to their roles.
As far as I can see, the best writers in the last two hundred years have been Whitman, Rilke, Proust, Kafka. Their best works: 'Leaves of Grass - 1855;' 'Duino Elegies;' 'The Captive & The Fugitive;' 'The Castle.
As a Middle Eastern male, I know there's certain things I'm not supposed to say on an airplane in the U.S., right? I'm not supposed to be walking down the aisle, and be like, 'Hi, Jack.' That's not cool. Even if I'm there with my friend named Jack, I say, 'Greetings, Jack. Salutations, Jack.' Never 'Hi, Jack.
As a writer, it's a great narrative tool to have that character who is slightly detached but at the same time observant of his reality, because I think that's pretty much what being a writer is - being there, watching and internalizing.
Baltimore breeds a really specific type of weirdo. Animal Collective is from Baltimore. Dan Deacon, John Waters. There's a through line of weirdness and a hard edge that I see when I meet people from that area.
As long as anger, paranoia and misinformation drive our political debate, there are unhinged souls among us who will feel justified in turning to violent remedies for imagined threats.
Atlanta was a welcoming presence for a lot of artists; they called it 'the Mecca of the South.' I got to see the Negro Ensemble Company, Cicely Tyson, Geraldine Page, Ruby Dee, all onstage.
As someone from, and directly involved with, this part of the world, I am convinced Arabs are qualified to regain their glorious past.
As you get older, you see the world at a different angle, maybe more cynically, but I just bury my anger.
Authenticity, living your truth, kindness - these are necessary virtues.
As time passed on, got to hear some players who were straight up funky, not just jazz. Nat Adderley, for instance - he's a funky trumpet player, so he was my man.
As for restaurants, I'd say I'm always down for Wendy's. A little fry dipping in a Frosty - that's a good deal.
Before I started on 'Borgen', people introduced me to some great American box-sets to convince me that TV could be good. I now watch them all the time. Amy Poehler is very funny in 'Parks and Recreation' and 'In Treatment,' with Gabriel Byrne, is also really good.
Austin Pettis can make plays.
Basically, I was a hippie and still am a flower child.
At Marvel, I was lucky enough to work with really talented people, but I always had this nagging thought: 'One day I'll write my own stories.
Atlanta? I think it's the greatest city anywhere I know of.
Being nice can be funny. A lot of my jokes are like, 'Let me take a bad situation and try to put the best spin on it.
Being on 'The Sopranos' definitely prepared me for the militant secrecy of 'Mad Men.
Between 1776 and 1789, Americans replaced a government over them with a government under them. They have worried ever since about keeping it under. Distrust of its powers has been more common and more visible than distrust of the imperial authority of England ever was before the Revolution.
Bigg Boss' has been a great experience, and I will treasure it for rest of my life.
Billy Tauzin is one of the most interesting people in Washington. He is smart, funny, and interesting.
Ava DuVernay is my personal Phil Jackson. She's a perfect coach.
Ava Gardner was the most beautiful woman in the world, and it's wonderful that she didn't cut up her face. She addressed aging by picking up her chin and receiving the light in a better way. And she looked like a woman. She never tried to look like a girl.
Because I said so!' They are the most underrated four words.
Berkshire Hathaway can transfer excess capital from businesses that don't need it to businesses that do need it, tax free and in a way that enhances compound annual growth rates.
Betty Shabazz was the wife of a man who challenged a government that was historically unjust. She was harassed and placed under surveillance by the Nation of Islam (NOI), the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).
Basically, I'm a shy human being. Very introverted.
Backstreet Boys have an international fan base, and fans love what we do. I didn't want to be one of those artists that does something totally different so people would ask, 'Why did he do that?' Is he not proud?
Billy Joel and Joe Jackson were both great, and they both play piano.
Banish the words 'I can't' from your vocabulary. Remember: If 'can't' equals 'won't', 'can' equals 'will.
Bing Crosby sings like all people think they sing in the shower.
Bobby and I have been to various reunions of Our Gang. We've been to like three or four reunions over the past 15 years or so. We were at one in Palm Springs, California.
Bobby Cox had the biggest influence in my career and probably the second- or third-biggest influence in my life.
Before I started to make films, I didn't give much thought to the way the characters were physically positioned in the story world.
Bob Beckel and Juan Williams are two people who I love personally. But what they say drives me absolutely nuts.
Bob Hope, Red Skelton, and Eddie Cantor... help us keep our balance.
Bob Marley was one of my favourite artists. He sang politically conscious lyrics, yet he sang love songs, too.
Bramhotsavam' is a celebration of families, life and togetherness. It's a film I hold close to my heart.
Breaking Bad' and 'The Shield' were planned right from the start so that their narrative trajectory would come down in a blaze of fireworks.
Because kids are physically smaller, there's an assumption by people who haven't read a kids' book for a long time that their ideas and themes and problems and ambitions must be commensurately smaller and less important. I would venture that sometimes the opposite is true.
Bunk' is better than 'Wheel of Fortune' because we have a wheel, just like them, but our wheel is purposeless. It doesn't do anything. It just spins for no reason. Which is nice because it frees our wheel up to really pursue its dream: becoming a professional paddlewheel.
Big Bird was the biggest star, I mean, children's favorite for a number of years. I have a 22-year-old granddaughter whose first words were 'Big Bird.
Bigg Boss' is the biggest show in the world, and I'm sure anyone would want to host it, but not me.
By gold all good faith has been banished; by gold our rights are abused; the law itself is influenced by gold, and soon there will be an end of every modest restraint.
Bobby Cremins really knows basketball, and he is a good man, too.
Betty White is so old that on her first game show ever, the prize was fire.
Billy Crystal knows how to make people laugh. He's got 30 years on stage... there's no telling him what's funny.
Carol Burnett probably had the biggest influence on me as kid. Although I was very young and watched her a lot in reruns, I was mesmerized by the way she transformed, by her physical comedy and the rolling laughter from the live studio audience. I loved her most as Scarlett O'Hara and her well known Cleaning Lady character.
By the time I was five, I was a little diva.
Bell Choir Coast' is about a fictional land where I was able to start over, discover myself, and learn to take life a lot less seriously.
Bob Dylan is great. I've been compared to him a lot. I think when people see a person on stage with a guitar they just think, 'Bob Dylan!
Billy Campbell who is... I... truly one of the most talented actors today.
Bobby is really the one who did all the editing on that stuff. And he did all the mixing. I particularly like the record we did with Logic because Scott Harding did a great job mixing it. He's really a killing engineer.
Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys are simply the best band that ever was.
By the mid-sixties, the United States had poured more than half a million troops into South Vietnam.
Certain kinds of speed, flow, intensity, density of attacks, density of interaction... Music that concentrates on those qualities is, I think, easier achieved by free improvisation between people sharing a common attitude, a common language.
Britain is doing brilliant things around the world and that is why I described as a 'superpower on development.
British actors are pretty good, by and large, at turning on at 'action' and off at 'cut.
Burt Reynolds once asked me out. I was in his room.
Children are the most honest critics. They will say 'You're funny', but also 'You're pathetic - go away.
But I don't want to go among mad people,' said Alice. 'Oh, you can't help that,' said the cat. 'We're all mad here.
Canada and space are a natural fit.
But the dollars spent on economic incentives and new investment strategies are wasted unless we seriously address the two most important economic issues in Kansas: education and health care.
Color is born of the interpenetration of light and dark.
Civilization, to be worthy of the name, must afford other methods of settling human differences than those of blood letting.
Choirs, auditions, talent shows, I was doing it all.
Clinton and Obama practice this politics known quaintly as the Richard Speck strategy: if you cannot take on everyone in the room at once, take them out of the room one at a time.
Cloning represents a very clear, powerful, and immediate example in which we are in danger of turning procreation into manufacture.
Cops are everywhere in New York City. Cars drive by every few minutes. Uniforms stand nonchalantly at street corners.
Colin Kaepernick had a... maybe he had an epiphany. Maybe he had a realization that 'I have a higher calling the playing quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers.
Carol Burnett was particularly funny. She swore for the first time on television on Larry Sanders.
Canada definitely has a strong program in women's boxing, and we're showing that women are capable, not just men.
Creativity is very selfish. Scandalously so, in fact.
Carol Burnett, who played Miss Hannigan in 'Annie', is as funny as it gets.
Challenges in medicine are moving from 'Treat the symptoms after the house is on fire' to 'Can we preserve the house intact?
Daddy was like a lot of people who kind of turn their noses up when you say the word 'organic.
Darling, the legs aren't so beautiful, I just know what to do with them.
Certainly, some of the anti-bank rhetoric has shifted a little bit, but on either side of the aisle, there seems to be different tacts. On one side of the aisle, you see a proposed scaling back of Dodd-Frank. On the other, a proposed reinstatement of Glass-Steagall.
Cole Archer's Chillout Mix. That's my son's mix. He's ten weeks old, and this is what he listens to: 'Valerie' by Amy Winehouse, 'Everyday People' by Arrested Development, The Beatles' 'Rocky Raccoon,' and Bruce Springsteen's 'Atlantic City.
Cole Sprouse is the quirkiest, kindest guy.
Dan Brown and the 'Da Vinci Code' have been around well over a decade now, and to be perfectly honest, both he and it have become a joke.
Columbia University in 1959 had a kind of reputation that interested me.
Dick Dale don't surf no more.
Did you know hemp is a natural fiber
Die Antwoord' just has a nice ring to it.
Darkness' is a subjective word; it depends what your viewpoint is and how you live life.
Comedy is still alive, and there are still funny people. Jews are still overrepresented in comedy and psychiatry and underrepresented in the priesthood. That immigrant Jewish humor is still with us.
December used to be very difficult for me. For many years, I fought the transition to the new year, was generally exhausted at the end of the year, and just wanted to hide. I described myself as a 'cranky Jewish kid who felt left out by Christmas.
Dead peasants insurance' is a term that sounds as if it comes straight out of Monty Python. If only that were true.
Containment, as everyone will recall, was a rough plan for stopping the Communists any time they crossed a certain line dividing our half of the world from theirs.
